How to contribute to wiki page (#320)
gamer-project/gamer: doc/wiki/Contribute-related/Contribute:-Update-Wiki.md

Reviewer: Some sentences end with a period, while others do not. Make them consistent.

Here is the squence diagram of wiki contribition. You can select any one of these three method to edit wiki. See [Edit Wiki](#Edit-Wiki).

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant GAMER public version
    participant doc
    participant Wiki
    participant local

    GAMER public version->>doc: Fork
    rect rgb(240,255,240)
    rect rgb(200,250,200)
    Note over doc,local: 1. Through gollum (recommended)
    end
    doc->>Wiki: Copy doc to Wiki
    Wiki->>local: Clone
    Note over local: Edit on gollum
    local->>Wiki: Push
    Wiki->>doc: Copy Wiki to doc
    end

    rect rgb(255,250,240)
    rect rgb(250,235,215)
    Note over doc,Wiki: 2. From GitHub website
    end
    doc->>Wiki: Copy doc to Wiki
    Note over Wiki: Edit on Wiki
    Wiki->>doc: Copy Wiki to doc
    end

    rect rgb(240,255,255)
    rect rgb(200,255,255)
    Note over doc,local: 3. On the local terminal
    end
    doc->>local: Clone
    Note over local: Edit the code on the local terminal
    local->>doc: Push
    doc->>Wiki: Copy doc to Wiki
    Note over Wiki: Preview
    end

    doc->>GAMER public version: Pull request
```

> ## Setup

Author: > Mention that this step is only required for methods 1 and 2.

This step is also required for method 3 if you would like to preview the Wiki pages.

> ## Setup

Reviewer: I forgot that! Thanks for the clarification.

1. **From GitHub website**

   We treat the Wiki page on GitHub as a local in this method, and we use the workflow to approach the `pull` and `push` behavior of the Wiki.
   - **Copy wiki doc to wiki page**

     This step is like `git checkout new_contribution_branch` but the GitHub Wiki website version.
     * Click `Action` > `Workflows` > `Copy doc to wiki` > `Run workflow` > choose `new_contribution_branch` branch > Click green `Run workflow`. Once the workflow is done, the Wiki is also updated to the `new_contribution_branch` branch version.

      [[images/CopyDocFromNewBranch.png]]

   - **Edit on GitHub Wiki website**

      See [About wikis - GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/documenting-your-project-with-wikis/about-wikis) for more details.
   - **Copy wiki to doc**

     This step is like `git push` to your branch.
     * Click `Action` > `Workflows` > `Sync wiki to doc` > `Run workflow` > choose `new_contribution_branch` branch > Click green `Run workflow`. Once the workflow is done, the docs in the `new_contribution_branch` branch are updated to the latest wiki.

      [[images/CopyWikiToNewBranch.png]]

1. **On the local terminal**

>    Just like how you edit the code on the local terminal. The files of Wiki can be found at `docs/wiki`. Once you push your changes to `origin`, you may preview your changes on the Wiki page by doing:
>    * Click `Action` > `Workflows` > `Copy doc to wiki` > `Run workflow` > choose `new_contribution_branch` branch > Click green `Run workflow`. Once the workflow is done, the Wiki is also updated to the `new_contribution_branch` branch version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This process is similar to editing GAMER source code on the local terminal. The Wiki files are located in `gamer/doc/wiki`. After committing your changes to the `new_contribution_branch` branch and pushing them to the `origin` repository on GitHub, you can preview these changes on the Wiki pages by
  * Click `Actions` > `Copy doc to wiki` > `Run workflow` > Choose `Branch: new_contribution_branch` > Click `Run workflow`. Once the workflow is complete, the Wiki will be updated to match `gamer/doc/wiki` on the `new_contribution_branch` branch.
```

## Contribute

>    Before you file a new PR, please check that all the hyperlinks work, the images are clear enough, and all the related pages about the PR have been updated.
>    1. File a PR to the GAMER public version.
>       * NOTE: The contribution is made through the files in the doc (e.g. `doc/wiki/`), not through the Wiki page of the forked repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Before filing a new PR, please ensure the following:
     * All hyperlinks are functional.
     * Images are clear.
     * All related pages affected by this PR have been updated.
   2. File a PR to the public GAMER repository.
     * NOTE: Contributions should be made through the files in `gamer/doc/wiki/` rather than the Wiki pages.
```
